Add: show in multiplayer the amount of hours a game has been unpaused (#11886)
OpenTTD/OpenTTD: src/lang/english.txt

STR_NETWORK_SERVER_LIST_MAP_SIZE_CAPTION_TOOLTIP                :{BLACK}Map size of the game{}Click to sort by area
STR_NETWORK_SERVER_LIST_DATE_CAPTION                            :{BLACK}Date
STR_NETWORK_SERVER_LIST_DATE_CAPTION_TOOLTIP                    :{BLACK}Current date

> STR_NETWORK_SERVER_LIST_PLAY_TIME_SHORT                         :{BLACK}{NUM}h {NUM}m

Reviewer: Given I have the feeling the web translator shows the strings in a more-or-less random order,  will the translators have enough context to determine what `h` and `m` mean? Maybe adding a bit of information to the string name will go a long way. Also holds for the non-`_SHORT` version.
```suggestion
STR_NETWORK_SERVER_LIST_PLAY_TIME_SHORT_HOURS_MINUTES           :{BLACK}{NUM}h {NUM}m
```

Author: I was going for consistency, where a bit higher we have `MAP_SIZE_SHORT` doing the same thing. I was thinking that would give translators a good idea that these are around the same place.

In general, we don't actually postfix string-names with the content of the value.

Author: To put Discord here:

Ideally, we have something like a `{DURATION}` to resolve this, as that would both de-duplicate the entries and make it much more clear to translators what is going on.

However, the exact syntax is something we need to work out, and possibly it can be used in other places too. For that reason, not for this PR.

With that knowledge, I rather leave the strings as they are, as if we would be to add `{DURATION}`, having a postfix of `_HOURS_MINUTES` would be weird (and renaming is expensive).

STR_NETWORK_SERVER_LIST_PLAY_TIME_CAPTION                       :{BLACK}Play time

> STR_NETWORK_SERVER_LIST_PLAY_TIME_CAPTION_TOOLTIP               :{BLACK}Play time

Reviewer: A tooltip with the exact same text seems pointless to me. Maybe explain that it is about the time the game was not paused?
```suggestion
STR_NETWORK_SERVER_LIST_PLAY_TIME_CAPTION_TOOLTIP               :{BLACK}Time game was not paused
```

STR_NETWORK_SERVER_LIST_MAP_SIZE_CAPTION_TOOLTIP                :{BLACK}Map size of the game{}Click to sort by area
STR_NETWORK_SERVER_LIST_DATE_CAPTION                            :{BLACK}Date
STR_NETWORK_SERVER_LIST_DATE_CAPTION_TOOLTIP                    :{BLACK}Current date
STR_NETWORK_SERVER_LIST_HOURS_CAPTION                           :{BLACK}Hours

> STR_NETWORK_SERVER_LIST_HOURS_CAPTION_TOOLTIP                   :{BLACK}Number of hours{}the game is running

Reviewer 2: No idea what the line break is doing here, but maybe:

```suggestion
STR_NETWORK_SERVER_LIST_HOURS_CAPTION_TOOLTIP                   :{BLACK}Number of hours{}that the game has been played
```

Author: This `{}` was already in there. It is there for all tooltips. I don't feel like making that change in this PR, sorry :(

Reviewer 2: It doesn't matter, suggestion is about wording. Edited. 🙂

Author: Counter suggestion: `Hours of play time`

Not sure why it has to be that long (it was already weirdly long)

Reviewer 2: Even better! 😄

STR_NETWORK_SERVER_LIST_INVITE_CODE                             :{SILVER}Invite code: {WHITE}{RAW_STRING}
STR_NETWORK_SERVER_LIST_START_DATE                              :{SILVER}Start date: {WHITE}{DATE_SHORT}
STR_NETWORK_SERVER_LIST_CURRENT_DATE                            :{SILVER}Current date: {WHITE}{DATE_SHORT}

> STR_NETWORK_SERVER_LIST_PLAY_TIME                               :{SILVER}Play time: {WHITE}{NUM} hours

Reviewer: Would it make sense to use `{DECIMAL}`, so you can differentiate between "running a few minutes" vs "running for almost an hour"? In some competitive games that might be quite important.

I'm myself still really wondering whether it would make sense, so maybe some others can give their opinions about it before making any changes.

Author: Ideally, I would have it say `1d12h3m` .. but that went a bit far for this PR :D

Decimals are a bit annoying, as 1.25 is 1h15m .. and I find that confusing to read. So I rather avoid that.

Author: Going with: `Play time: 12 hours, 43 minutes`

That should work (for now) :)
